c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe.config
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.g.resources
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
c:\users\n118608\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe.config
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe.config
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.g.resources
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.baml
E:\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.baml
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.g.resources
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\konto\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe.config
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.exe
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.pdb
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddMatchControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\AddResultControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\BetControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\ResultsControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserLoginControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\Views\UserRegistrationControl.baml
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.g.resources
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\n118608\Desktop\SpeedwayBetting\SpeedwayBetting\obj\Debug\SpeedwayBetting.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
